---
layout: post
title: "Nullify"
featured-img: nullify_main
category: [Info]
---
Over the past few months, I have actively contributed to the development and deployment of the new [Nullify](http://www.nullify.sh) website.  Nullify is comprised of cybersecurity researchers, where we dive into interesting discoveries made in the realm of cybersecurity. The website content will go more in-depth on complex cybersecurity topics for technical individuals in the field. In addition, the group will release the tools, data, and software developed during our research.  We also plan to contribute to the cyber defense community by analyzing modern social engineering techniques that are commonly utilized, which inevitably lead to large-scale security breaches.  

A few areas expertise myself and other Nullify researchers posses include IoT (Internet of Things) security, SCADA (Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition) networks, and ICS (Industrial Control Systems).  Other topics that will be covered on the site (in addition to the ones previously mentioned) include SDR (Software Defined Radio), signal processing, writing kernel exploits, smart card hacking, physical penetration testing, windows active directory domains, and much more.

Similar to this site, Nullify is open source and was built using Jekyll, a simple static site generator using Ruby, Markdown, Liquid, HTML, and CSS.  You can find the full repository on [GitHub](https://github.com/nullifysec/nullifysec.github.io) and contribute to its ongoing development. Go check it out!

 

